[Sighs disgustedly]
Huh?
What do you want, Eggman?
Aah!
Please help me, Knuckles.
If we don't do something fast,
Sonic could make us prisoners
on this planet forever.
If we can gather all seven
of the Chaos Emeralds,
there's a fighting chance
we can somehow
reverse the effect
that sent us to this world
and return
to where we came from.
Sonic knew he could use
the Chaos Emeralds
to warp himself
through time and space.
That's the reason
he attacked Chaos Control.
He found out that I'd collected
all the Chaos Emeralds
to keep them out of his grasp.
You know how reckless Sonic is.
I was afraid of what he might do
if he got hold of the emeralds,
so I set up defenses.
But there was no stopping Sonic.
He was determined to push
his selfish search for thrills
all the way this time,
no matter who got hurt.
Finally, Sonic invaded
Chaos Control.
And to my horror,
he finally achieved his goal.
Sonic destroyed Chaos Control
and sent us all here,
just for the fun of it!
Sonic.
He's crazy.
I've changed my ways
and want to live in peace,
but Sonic won't let me.
[Crying]
What can I do?
He won't even give me
a chance to fix things.
I want to get us back,
but when I found one
of the Chaos Emeralds,
do you know what happened?
Sonic snatched it from me
and said he's going to stay here
as long as he pleases.
That selfish hog!
He said that we can't leave
here until he says so.
He thinks this world's
a lot more fun than ours
and if we don't agree,
it's our tough luck.
[Growls]
You'd think he'd be more
concerned about his buddy.
Sonic isn't my buddy!
I'm sick and tired of Sonic
turning everything into a game.
Either Sonic
gives us that emerald,
or I'm going
to take it from him.
Be careful.
Sonic says he'll crush anybody
who tries to get it back.
So then, a battle
to the bitter end.
[Cries]
[Thinking] My chronic Sonic
troubles are over.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
A Chaos Emerald.
Does anybody know where they
come from or how they work?
Nobody knows much except
that they're real powerful.
I hope my analysis reveals
something about its makeup.
[Knock on door]
- [All gasp]
- ELLA: I know you're in there!
You haven't let me clean
your room in so long,
I'm issuing a dirt alert.
Oh, no, it's Ella!
Quick, Tails, hide!
Huh?
Whoa.
Whoa!
I thought I'd find
you up here, Christopher.
Oh.
Hi, there, Ella.
Hmm.
Keeping this room dust-free
is a losing battle.
Not that I'm complaining,
but it's like trying
to vacuum a dirt road.
I...
Aah!
He's so precious!
Is this your toy?
I'm taking care of it.
Ahh.
It almost looks real to me.
Oh!
[Grunts]
I think I'll go
outside and play.
Ooh.
Me too!
Oh.
Wow, Tails,
that was a close call.
- We sure fooled her!
- Yeah. [Laughs]
Can't I nap in peace?
[Laughing]
- Uhh!
Master Chris, what may
I ask is going on?
We're just playing capture
the stuffed animal.
[Laughing nervously]
Bye.
I think I'll...
Sir, while I commend
your desire to stay fit,
I would stick to adult
sports like bowling.
You can't tell me what to do.
I'll play ring-around-the-rosy
if I...
Perhaps you should slow down.
Rest is important.
And I believe
it's time for your nap.
- I don't need a nap.
- You can play later.
I have work to do!
Come along, Mr. Thorndyke.
[Sighs]
- Aah!
Ow.
Huh?
Amy!
You know it's dangerous to go
wandering around by yourself.
I just saw a news report.
It looks like they found
another Chaos Emerald!
- Oh.
The strange energy spikes,
which seem to be coming
from the Silver Valley area,
have played havoc
with computers and machinery
across the entire region.
I bet it's a Chaos Emerald.
You know, Silver Valley
isn't very far from here.
Let's check it out!
Hey, Sonic, you heard the news?
Huh?
We're going to Silver Valley.
Come along and we'll
have a picnic there.
But we're going for the emerald.
Nah, I've been there before.
Huh?!
You went without me?!
So you stopped there
during one of your runs, huh?
Yep, you guessed it.
Fine, Sonic!
Come on!
We'll have more fun
without him anyhow!
How can we get there
without a car?
My grandpa's resting, and I
can't ask Mr. Tanaka to drive.
If I drive,
I'm gonna get spotted.
What can we do?
Hey!
I know how we'll get there!
Those stuffed animals
are really cute!
Isn't he a little old
for those toys?
They're all staring!
It's okay, Chris.
We're almost at our stop.
Don't talk.
They'll hear.
Hey, Chris, I need to blink.
What do I do?
Ohh!
Hey, Mom, could I
get one of these?
Wake up, Mommy.
Lookit!
Aw, please, can I have one?
Please, Mommy?
You said I could have
a toy if I was good!
Aah!
Oh!
[Crash]
[Sobbing]
[Thinking] Ah.
Now if I could only blink,
everything would be perfect.
Hmm.
Huh?
[Grunts, laughs]
Message for you.
Here you go.
Sonic, I'm sick of all
your selfish stunts.
This time you've gone too far.
I'm challenging you
to a showdown.
Meet me in Silver Valley
in one hour and don't be late.
EGGMAN: This message was brought
to you by the Eggman Empire,
which is not responsible for
its content, except this part.
Wah!
[Laughs]
[Coughs, growls]
Knuckles is gonna regret that.
TAILS: This picnic
was a super idea, Amy!
It was worth the trip
even if there is no emerald.
Shouldn't there be
a lot of people here
if they found a Chaos Emerald?
Maybe something else
caused the energy spikes.
I guess it must
have been a mistake.
We can still have some fun
while we're here.
We could take a hike
in the mountains
or go swimming in the lake.
Aah!
[All groaning]
- Aah!
- Eggman!
[Laughs evilly]
You rat.
You tricked 'em into
broadcasting that news story.
Unh-unh-unh-unh.
I generated
artificial energy spikes
just like the ones
made by Chaos Emeralds.
It isn't my fault
if those newshounds
barked up the wrong tree.
I hate to admit it,
but Eggman even had me outfoxed.
Well, his plan failed
'cause we're out of here!
EGGMAN:
[Laughs] You can't leave.
I need you in case my first plan
to beat Sonic fails.
Sonic isn't here.
[Laughs evilly]
He'll be here any second now.
[Chuckles]
[Thinking] Where's Sonic?
He should've been here by now.
Hmm?
Hey, there, Knuckles!
You're late, slowpoke!
Yeah, well, I stopped
to enjoy the scenery.
This planet is pretty cool.
[Sniffing]
It's nice here.
Yeah, you'd like
this world, too,
if you weren't such
a party pooper.
Enough talk!
Let's go!
Aw, relax, will ya?
We have all afternoon
to duke it out, buddy boy.
I'm not your buddy and don't
forget it, smart aleck!
Now put 'em up!
I didn't come here
to sniff the flowers!
That's your loss.
You don't know what
you're missing.
But if you'd rather
get clobbered by me...
Shut up!
Give me the emerald
you stole or else!
Ooh.
Your brain's even slower
than your feet.
Huh?!
[Growls]
[Growling]
Huh!
Not a bad view!
Whoa.
Whoa!
[Laughing]
Hey!
Help me!
It's lucky I fell
in the kiddy pool.
Get ready.
You're going down!
Huh.
Let's end this now!
Go, Knuckles!
Show Sonic he can't keep us
stuck here!
Our only hope is for you
to trounce that tyrant!
- Sonic.
- Do they have to fight now?
Can't they free us first?
There!
Good work.
How did you do it?
I used my screwdriver.
You're really handy.
No big deal.
Now I just have to figure out
how this thing's wired.
We don't have time
for this, Tails.
Step aside!
I'll fix that robot.
No!
Don't!
Hyah!
Aah!
Huh?
[Growls]
Whoa.
Huh?
Get him, Knuckles!
It's Eggman.
[Grunts]
Get back here!
You quitter!
We'll settle this later.
Hey!
Get us down from here!
Look what you've done!
You've wrecked my robot,
and it isn't even insured!
Whoa!
Hey, what's up?
Thanks, Sonic!
It's not over, Sonic.
My robot may be down,
but it certainly isn't out.
Huh?
Attack!
Uh-oh.
Whoa!
Grrrr!
Ooh.
This is a battle
between Sonic and me!
I'll fight my way!
Fight your way?
If you're going to insist
on fighting a clean fight,
then I'm going
to start playing dirty.
[All screaming]
Plan "A" didn't work, so now
we'll have to go to plan "B."
Bring me that Chaos Emerald
or you'll never see
your friends again.
What is this?
Eggman swore to me that all
he wanted was to live in peace.
He's sure tricky, isn't he?
That swindler.
He lied!
You're catching on, pal.
EGGMAN:
Sonic!
We all know
your weak spot is water.
So I stuck
your friends over there
where you can't save them
without treading H2O.
Yeah?
That's what you think.
Huh?
[All screaming]
Show-off!
You all right?
I'm okay.
Oh!
[Crying]
Take it easy, Amy.
I just knew that you'd come
here to save me!
[Rumbling]
Huh?
Run!
I'm not calling it
quits yet, Sonic.
You only had a preview
of this robot's firepower!
You and your friends
are through!
I've got you now!
Let me take care of Eggman.
Okay.
[Roaring]
[Grunting]
You?!
You liar!
Aah!
[Grunts]
Huh?
AMY:
Sonic!
You both made it!
- Yeah.
- Oh, Sonic!
Knuckles and I
had it all under control.
Huh?
Knuckles!
I bet you want
to apologize to Sonic
for believing all the lies
Eggman told about him.
And you probably
want to thank him, too,
only you're too proud.
Zip it!
[Chuckling]
Later.